Ambiguous Timestamp Handling (#92)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-jdbc: CHANGELOG.md

## 5.2.0

>   - Added support for disambiguating timestamps in daylight-savings overlap periods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added support for disambiguating timestamps in daylight saving time (DST) overlap periods [#92](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-jdbc/pull/92)
```

Reviewer: The changelog entry gets picked up for release notes, and it's helpful to have a link to the PR.
